Our goals are: Modernization, Ease of catalog upload and continual update and improved presentation and searching, Archives of previous sales and video, Better presentation of our services, SEO for Auctions (Selling) and Liquidations in our region (Buying and Consignments), Coherent Branding. 

You pretty much have the site map down. One thing I would add is an easy way for potential customers to share their images with us. Often people call and we direct them to “Send us pictures”  It would be great if we had an easy URL that loaded a page that allowed for uploads and a webform for information like details and amount asking. Drag and drop upload on desktop? Obviously mobile upload capable.
Something like this page https://www.ragoarts.com/sell 
Maybe we can think of a custom URL to get to this page easy like uniques.me or uniques.auction (or something easy and short,) at the very least it is uniquesandantiques.com/sell

Another section would be a “Blog” where we can add our own articles.

I am assuming that the site and pages will have all the customary links to “Share” on social media. “Likes” . I’d like to focus on building our email list (Email subscribe pop up? even though I hate them….).  and target an increase in followers on facebook, twitter and instagram.

I will be starting a new email address info@uniquesandantiques.com - so please use this for all contact links through the website

As for logo design, please modernize it. I am open to anything… I have been using the below  “logo element” in our print ads If you can incorporate… but it is not a must. Something clean, bold and not too complicated. Something we can make into a stencil for marking our equipment or put on a hat. I know this is a tall order since there are so many letters. Most people, when referring to us just say “Uniques” (however I’m not sure it would be smart to leave antiques off the logo.) Very excited to see what Media Proper designs.


Lastly, I know this is a long acceptance email, I intended just to reply and say "do it", but I think it is important to keep the communication lines open. I promise to be an easy client to work with and am willing to do my part in making this happen. I have a fair amount of understanding of the process, but really need someone like you to bring it all together and implement the vision with modern technologies. Feel free to text me or call me at any time to get anything you need.